tasmanian devil 
  lifespan: 5 years 
  group: mammals
  food: A predator, then eat meat from other animals such as wallabies and wombats
  description: The Tasmanian devil (Sarcophilus harrisii) (palawa kani: purinina)[3] is a carnivorous marsupial of the family Dasyuridae. Until recently, it was only found on the island state of Tasmania, but it has been reintroduced to New South Wales in mainland Australia, with a small breeding population. The size of a small dog, the Tasmanian devil became the largest carnivorous marsupial in the world, following the extinction of the thylacine in 1936. It is related to quolls, and distantly related to the thylacine. It is characterised by its stocky and muscular build, black fur, pungent odour, extremely loud and disturbing screech, keen sense of smell, and ferocity when feeding. The Tasmanian devil's large head and neck allow it to generate among the strongest bites per unit body mass of any extant predatory land mammal. It hunts prey and scavenges on carrion.
  length: 70cm
  weight: 10kg
  found: Tasmania
-------------------

Hawksbill Turtle:
  lifespan: 50 years 
  group: reptile 
  food: other animals (sponges & jellyfish), sea plants
  description: The Hawksbill Sea Turtle gets its common name from the distinctive mouth, which resembles a bird’s beak. The shell, or carapace, is covered in large overlapping scutes, which are a distinctive brown/green/amber background with lighter brown streaks throughout. At the edge of the carapace they overlap in such a way as to form a serrated edge. The turtle has an elongated head and flippers which have two visible claws on the end. The flippers and head are covered in large green, brown or yellow scales. The average adult female weighs 50 kg and their carapace (shell) is approximately 80 cm in length.
  length: 80cm (carapace)
  weight: 50kg
  found: Tropical coasts of Queensland, Northern Territory and Western Australia.

------------------

kookaburra
  lifespan: 20 years
  group: bird
  food: Insects and smalll animals including snakes, frogs and lizards
  description: Native to the eucalyptus forests of eastern Australia, the laughing kookaburra is the largest member of the Kingfisher family, with females weighing up to one pound and growing to 43 cm in length. Its beak can reach 10 cm long and is used to snatch a variety of invertebrates and small vertebrates, including the occasional small snake. Since being introduced in western Australia and New Zealand, the kookaburra has angered farmers by preying on their fowl. The laughing kookaburra has dark brown wing plumage and a white head and underside. Dark brown eye stripes run across its face and its upper bill is black. Its reddish-coloured tail is patterned with black bars.
  length: 43cm
  weight: 300g
  found: Australia wide

--------------